---
title: Vision
excerpt: ''
date: '2019-03-27'
template: post
content_img_path: images/Our Vision (2).jpg
thumb_img_path: images/magnificent-planet.jpg
---
Sustainability will be the foremost objective of the new company which will manufacture only green technologies. A business can be sustainable by contributing towards greater good of the society rather than just following customer needs (Singh and Kumar, 2017). Environment and social benefits can provide additional dimension to promotion of the brand image of GGP. Because of this reason, GGP will contribute toward development of green IT resources and technological products to maintain business sustainability without other additional efforts. Most of the time, business companies make additional investment to promote sustainable consideration of the company leading to added environmental and social benefits (Singh and Singh, 2016). However, GGP’s core business operations will revolve around green technologies and the company will be always operating under the sustainable dimension of the IT industry. Business sustainability will be important for GGP to attract new customers and investors. Modern customers tend to show equal awareness toward their requirements along with sustainability of products and services. By purchasing products of GGP, customers will also be able to contribute for greater good of the society (Utaminingsihet al. 2020). 

On the other hand, investors always see long-term profitability in sustainable business because sustainable companies always meet criteria of ethical, social and environmental responsibility. GGP will need a large amount of investment in the research and development sector. Thus, attracting new investors is the best way to ensure stable flow of cash or monetary resources. According to Saunilaet al. (2018), sustainable organisations are also very effective to generate long-term profit in business. Lack of responsibility toward environmental contribution can increase conditional corporate taxes. However, GGP will not pay any extra tax if the company is able to keep this business sustainable.